(Kari)
Yuma! Hey, Yuma!
You better come down
pronto or I'm calling Bronk
to munch on all your lunch.
Yuma!
I know you can hear me.
Even Grandma can hear me
Hey, Kari, is Yuma
still in his room?
Mm-hmm.
I've tried to get him down all
day, but he's not budging.
Even food threats
aren't working.
He's still upset.
Poor guy.
(Yuma) Astral!
(Astral) Goodbye, my friend.
Astral!
Astral.
(Don Thousand)
Welcome to my
sacred domain.
(Vector) Don Thousand.
This palace is truly befitting
of your great and limitless
power.
(Don Thousand)
Few mortals have
ever gained entry.
You should consider
this a great honor.
I do, in fact, I'm not even
sure I'm worthy to be here.
Wait.
Is that what I think it is?
Number 96.
(Don Thousand) Correct.
Astral was unable to
destroy all his power.
So naturally, what was left
returned to its rightful owner.
Are you implying
that that's you?
How could that be?
Because, Vector, Number 96
was originally a part of me.
A part of you?
(Don Thousand) Yes.
When I battled with Astral, I
attacked with such fury that
a splinter of my dark power
buried itself within his heart.
Of course!
I wondered how someone like
Astral could have such a vile
being inside him.
Uh, no offense.
(Don Thousand)
Here, taste the dark
power that created 96!
It's unbelievable!
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never our
dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever
we've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(Don Thousand)
Taste the dark power
that created 96!
(Vector) It's unbelievable!
What have you done to me?
(Don Thousand)
Turned you into my
ultimate warrior.
I can feel your power
coursing through me.
With this power,
I will crush Yuma Tsukumo!
(Don Thousand)
You must learn
patience, Vector.
It is not yet time.
What kind of game is Don
Thousand playing with me?
(Don Thousand)
You will crush Yuma one day,
but first, there is another task
to be done, one of
great importance.
Sounds very exciting.
(Don Thousand) Behold!
(Vector)
It looks impressive,
but what is it?
(Don Thousand)
This Fusionizer will make it
possible to combine Barian World
with the human world!
Joining them together!
Is that really possible?
(Don Thousand)
Doubt me again, Vector, and you
shall suffer the consequences!
Is that understood?
All right, I believe you.
And I think it's
fiendishly brilliant.
But what's the purpose
of fusing the two worlds?
For power!
Much more power!
Destroying Astral World requires
a great amount of energy.
And by tapping into the human
world, I will gain that energy.
Vector, execute my plan.
Sit upon my throne and see
to it that everything goes
as designed.
To assist you, I am
giving you four unique
and powerful Numbers.
They will help you spread
turmoil and suffering across
the human world.
Wield these Numbers viciously.
Use their power to throw the
human world into complete
and utter chaos.
Failure is not an option!
Astral, I can't believe
you're really gone.
I wish I had never started
dueling or ever heard
of Number cards.
'Cause if it wasn't for them,
I wouldn't feel so angry
and upset!
I don't want these.
They're nothin' but trouble!
(Astral) Yuma...
Take care of the Numbers.
I don't want to
let Astral down.
But I'm just not sure if I have
what it takes to keep them safe.
Hey there, Shark.
Here.
I got them for Rio.
Great, thanks.
Put them on the table.
Sure.
I asked Yuma to come, but ever
since Astral disappeared,
he refuses to leave his room.
I've never seen
him so down before.
Sorry, Tori, but
Yuma's problems are
the last thing on
my mind right now.
Oh, of course, Shark.
I know you've got
a lot on your plate.
Poor Rio.
She's gonna be ok, Shark.
I just know it.
I'll be right
outside if you need me.
I just can't face Yuma.
Not till I know
the truth about myself.
Am I really a Barian?
I heard you needed me so I flew
here as fast as I could.
What's the latest buzz, buddy?
The buzz is you're late.
Uh, sorry about that.
I couldn't find my glasses.
But I'm glad I did!
I like the new look.
Change is good.
And speaking of change,
I think it's time you had one.
Looking snazzy, Heartland.
You just need one final
accessory to complete
your ensemble.
Amazing.
My very own Number.
I'm honored you've given
such an important card to me.
Stop at nothing to seize
Yuma Tsukumo's Numbers.
I'll even give you an evil
entourage as backup.
No, it can't be.
Long time no see.
At last, the team that put the
"fear" in fearsome is reuniting
to spread dread and
mayhem wherever we go.
Erazor!
You won't regret what
you've done for me, Vector.
I promise I won't let you down.
I'm going to eat
everything here!
This tastes fantastic!
(Caswell)
This satisfies
the duelist in me.
(Flip) Hey, pass the Duel Fuel.
(Caswell)
Seconds and thirds, please.
Delish!
You guys have to try my
homemade chicken a la Tori.
It's out of this world.
But it's not as
yummy as my rice dish.
I used cat food to
give it extra flavor.
(Bronk) Check it.
It's a nifty new badge I
designed for our Super Secret
Number Card Investigation Club.
I made one for each of you.
That's not bad, Bronk, but set
your sights on these super rare,
mega powerful cards
I picked up for us downtown.
Yeah, well, I bought you guys
a bunch of tickets for the new
Kuriboh Coaster that's
guaranteed to make you lose
your lunch.
It isn't working, guys.
He's not coming down.
Oh, Yuma.
He can't get over the
fact that Astral's gone.
And I know just how he feels.
Game over.
I know it's
disappointing to lose.
How 'bout I help you
forget all about it?
"In a series of
strange occurrences,
duelists have been
losing their memories.
Several have been found
unconscious near the
Heartland Memorial Hall."
Now that's freaky.
"Once awake, they have what
appears to be total amnesia."
Now who could be doing this?
So, the rumors are true.
Astral has vanished from the
human world, which means the
Barians will attack with
even greater ferocity.
It's time for us
to sweep into action.
Your job will be to
look after Yuma.
Yes, brother.
(Bronk) Guys, listen to this.
A bunch of duelists got
their memories wiped out.
(Flip)
Messing with minds is
a Barian specialty.
If you ask me, The Super Secret
Number Card Investigation Club
should get to the
bottom of this mystery.
You know, that could be the
perfect way to get Yuma
out of his funk.
When he finds out, he'll
want to get in on the action.
Then let's go solve The
Mystery of Lost Memories!
We'll have Yuma
defunked in no time.
(all) All right!
Erazor! Exactly what
are you up to?
I don't know what
you mean, Heartland.
Don't play innocent!
We were ordered to capture
Yuma Tsukumo's Numbers.
Okay, you got me.
I was just using those duelists
to warm up for the main event.
And to feast on their
memories, of course.
I have a special
yen for losers' minds.
The anguish they feel after a
humiliating defeat is so delish.
Hey, I've seen
that girl before.
She's friends with
Yuma Tsukumo.
I betcha her memories will
be incredibly helpful
and delicious.
In the end, this is the best
spot to begin our investigation.
The news said that several
duelists were found unconscious
right around here.
Be ready to pounce.
Eyes open, people.
'Cause you never know where
a Barian might pop up.
Bring him on.
If he tries to steal my
memories, I'll give him
something he won't forget.
Huh?
I think you're looking for me.
Hey! Rise and shine!
Heartland!
I just knew you'd be
thrilled to see that I'm back.
I thought you
were gone for good!
When I fell into that
inter-dimensional vortex,
I thought I was a goner, too.
But thankfully,
I was revived by Vector.
Vector?
Yes and just as Vector helped
me, these mopey malcontents...
or "friends" as you call them... have
been trying to help you.
Glad to see you're out.
(Heartland)Your chums were trying to
drawnyou out of your room by playing
amateur detectives.
They didn't realize their
investigation would lead them
straight into
the hands of the bad guy.
And now only you can save
their skins or to be exact,
their minds.
If you want to save 'em, bring
your Numbers to the Heartland
Memorial Hall on the double!
But hurry, there's
not much time.
Don't worry, you guys!
I'm on my way.
(Heartland) Yuma Tsukumo.
Thanks for coming.
Heartland! What have you done
with Tori and the others?
They're taking a time out.
Flip! Tori!
Caswell! Somebody
answer me!
What did you do
to them, Heartland?
He didn't do a thing,
I deserve all the credit.
I was feeling
some hunger pangs,
so I feasted on your
buddies' memories.
Who are you?
I'm Erazor.
You'll have to battle me if
you want to get your friends'
memories back.
But if you lose,
I get your Numbers.
Of course, I have no doubt that
I'll crush you completely.
I look forward to watching you
crumble to your knees once you
realize you not only
lost all your Numbers,
but failed your
friends as well!
(Yuma)
If I agree to duel him,
I'll risk all the Numbers
I've gathered.
But if I turn him down, Tori and
the others will never get their
memories back.
There's a lot
riding on this duel.
What if I can't hack it?
After all,
I'll be dueling alone.
Astral, I'm not sure I can beat
this guy without you here.
So, we dueling?
Give him a break, Erazor.
You shouldn't put so much
pressure on Yuma.
After all, this isn't
really his fight.
The battle for the
Numbers is between
the Barians and Astral World.
It doesn't concern humans.
Why should this poor kid
be forced to take sides?
Now that Astral is gone,
there's no reason for you
to worry about the fate of
the Numbers, is there, Yuma?
I guess not.
Let me make this
easy for you, my friend.
Just hand over your Numbers and
I promise the Barians will never
bother you or your
friends again.
Your friends' memories will
be restored, of course.
Promise!
And if you'd like, I can also
arrange to have your memories
of Astral completely erased.
Some memories are simply
too painful to bear.
Just think of how
pleasant your life would
be if you could forget him.
All the sadness you feel
over Astral's loss will
be instantly wiped away.
It will be as if he
never even existed.
As if Astral never existed?
I won't do it!
Every memory I have of
Astral is important to me.
The good ones and
even the bad ones.
The Numbers are more than just
cards to me, because in some
way, they hold all the
adventures and battles
I shared with him.
Astral trusted me to hold onto
the Numbers and keep them safe.
And I'm not letting him down!
That's why I would never turn
the Numbers over to you!
(Trey) Way to tell 'em, Yuma!
It's Trey!
Trey!
What're you doing here?
Simple.
I saw you were in
trouble and came to help.
Now that Astral is gone,
it's clear you're going
to need some backup.
Anyone who tries to harm you,
will have to get
past yours truly.
How did you know about Astral?
My brothers and I have been
following the conflict between
Astral World and Barian
World closely.
That's how we learned
about Astral's fate.
I'm sorry, Yuma.
Losing a friend is never easy.
Listen, I know you feel sad and
alone right now, but remember
you have friends like me
who will stand beside you.
You're right, I'm not alone.
What feeble adversaries.
Now we're up against two runts.
Two runts who won't have
any trouble defeating you,
Heartland!
Really?
Then let's see how you
handle my Stinging Swarm!
What?
I thought the crest's
power was gone forever.
Well you thought
wrong Heartland.
Quinton discovered a way to
preserve the power my father
shared with us, which
I can now use to help Yuma.
Whoa, you're gonna
help me Trey?
Thanks, pal.
I know that no one
can replace Astral,
but I'll give it my best shot.
Before when we dueled, you
and I faced off as opponents.
We used our cards and all
the power we had to try
and out-duel
each other.
But now that we're teaming up,
I'll share my power with you.
He's putting it all
on the line to help me.
Take care of the Numbers.
Trey, take these.
My Number Cards!
Astral trusted me to take care
of the Numbers, which means he
also trusted that I would
know what's best for 'em.
You're using your
power to help me,
so I want to share
what I have with you.
Thank you.
If Astral were here I'm
sure he'd agree with me.
It feels like the
right thing to do.
Sounds to me like you twerps are
gonna try and put up a fight!
Bad choice, but
I won't stop you.
Ready?
If you like, I'll take
you both on at once.
Yuma and I could both beat you
on our own, but if you insist...
Then we'll duel you together!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer, let's roll!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(all) Let's duel!
Not so fast.
Before we get things started, I
insist on snazzing up the place.
My fellow creepy crawlies
will give this hall
a Barian makeover.
What's with the light show?
Now that you're dueling on enemy
ground, Erazor's got the upper
hand, especially since I gave
him the power to absorb half
of your life points.
You can't do that!
Oh, really?
Just you watch me.
I don't like this, Trey.
Me either.
This is totally bugging me out.